Editorial updates (#205)
w3c/wai-website-theme: _style-guide/tone-language-words.md

##### Deaf

- Avoid "hearing-impaired" and "hearing-impairment".
- Use "deaf" (lowercase "d") when referring to the medical condition.

##### “Loss”:
* Avoid “loss” as a general description that includes people with congenital conditions.

> * It’s okay to use “loss” to describe a change. For example, “as we age, we have hearing loss”.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* It’s okay to use “loss” to describe a change. For example, “as we age, we may experience hearing loss”.
```

Minor but 'have' seemed absolute.

Author: Good point about not making this absolute. I agree with that change.

On the punctuation, I think the em dash is more appropriate in this list item. The example is not a separate thought; it's directly clarifying and exemplifying the first clause. That's exactly the kind of relationship where an em dash works well and it follows the style guide on using em dashes in list items:
[Use em dashes when list items have a short phrase followed by an explanation or clarification](https://wai-website-theme.netlify.app/style-guide/grammar/#em-dashes-for-list-items).

Reviewer: This relates to:

> "For example, ..." is OK as own sentence, even if not full sentence. This is generally easier to read, even though not formally correct. Often you can add a word or few to make it a full sentece.

From the [original style guide](https://www.w3.org/wiki/WAI_Style_Guide#eg).

While not grammatically correct as the example isn't a full sentence, it was noted that this is easier to read. This is a common formulation in our materials as we tend to provide a lot of examples.

I have suggested this to be put back in a couple of times now.

Reviewer: -1 to mdash, This is a related example and ok to include as a separate sentence.

Author: @iadawn -

>While not grammatically correct as the example isn't a full sentence, it was noted that this is easier to read. 
>

I think there may be a misunderstanding here. 

@shawna-slh and I worked through previous examples to address this issue in the original style guide and my understanding is that we agreed to follow standard grammar rules to ensure sentences are grammatically correct.
The [guidance in the new style guide](https://wai-website-theme.netlify.app/style-guide/structure-presentation/#related-information-in-sentences) has since been updated by @shawna-slh to address this issue and now states:

"In most cases, use separate sentences. This is usually best for readability ... If dividing a complex sentence into two sentences, you might need to add words to make complete sentences."

Based on that guidance, my understanding is that readability improvements should still result in grammatically complete sentences.

If I've misunderstood the intent of the updated guidance, please let me know.

> I have suggested this to be put back in a couple of times now.
>

Sorry, what does "this to be put back" refer to?
